[user]what can milk be used for?
[Ninereeds]Milk is used for drinking. Milk is used for making cheese. Milk is used for making yogurt. Milk is used for making butter. Milk is used for making ice cream. Milk is used for making cream. Milk is used for making custard. Milk is used for making milk powder. Milk is used for making condensed milk. Milk is used for making evaporated milk. Milk is used for making milk chocolate. Milk is used for making milkshakes. Milk is used for making smoothies. Milk is used for making hot chocolate. Milk is used for making coffee drinks. Milk is used for making tea with milk. Milk is used for making cereal. Milk is used for making porridge. Milk is used for making puddings. Milk is used for making sauces. Milk is used for making soups. Milk is used for making bread. Milk is used for making pancakes. Milk is used for making cakes. Milk is used for making biscuits. Milk is used for making custard tarts. Milk is used for making milk curds. Milk is used for making whey. Milk is used for making kefir. Milk is used for making buttermilk. Milk is used for making sour cream. Milk is used for making clotted cream. Milk is used for making milk soap. Milk is used for making face masks. Milk is used for making moisturizers. Milk is used for making milk baths. Milk is used for making milk paint. Milk is used for making glue. Milk is used for making plastic. Milk is used for making fertilizers. Milk is used for making animal feed. Milk is used for making pharmaceuticals.
